I hope you enjoyed the video please
leave a written on a comment I will
reply hey guys my name is Leah and as
you can see me inventory we've got
grenades so this is wax it's used to
make grenades that's how you craft them
this is wax mother was a wax bloggin a
you smell the wax block and you get
waxed and then you can obviously make a
grenade so that's all this mod adds
let's go on up some phone the same the
modern the grenade the not as powerful
as TNT but they are pretty cool I've
been playing with this for a while oh
ain't playing worked for a while
and squat and about flinging grenades of
you everyone em I didn't see I've had a
little bit of fun with this when you
fling in water name doesn't actually
just struck the floor so if you want you
see there the floors knocks you getting
destructed that way description anyway
let's just rub fit this is actually the
place I used for me last month review
the CCTV mod so this is my 11th mod
review now it's me 10th mod review sorry
so if i do something a little explosive
my new fling a grenade other cactus when
it hits the cactus boom front u64
already it so as soon as it takes Itzik
axis boom
sound effects for the wind hope that
wasn't too clever um I feel like a
creeper yeah let's of little bit one
over there one over there ographers Oh
one over there drop one over there it's
been hell yeah real common unsubscribe
thanks for watching my video if you want
more from me click the yellow subscribe
button on screen now follow me on
Facebook or Twitter to in traffic with
me further please leave a comment under
written before you go spain hell yeah